Know over the last lectures I introduced you to some of the most important next generation javascript
features which you're going to see in those courts.
There are two things I know definitely.
Also want to cover.
They're not next generation javascript but they are features you might have missed or forgotten and
they're super important to keep in mind.
The first feature or concept of javascript Im talking about is the fact that you have reference and
primitive types.
If I create a number like this then dis is a primitive type.
That means if I create a second number name too and set it equal to this number then it will actually
create a real copy of number so name to of course.
Now if I lock this will all to be.
But it will have copied that value one into two.
Now numbers strings booleans These are so-called primitive types whenever you reassign or you store
a variable in a number variable.
It will copy the value objects and arrays are reference types.
Though let me show you what I mean.
They create my personal object which just has a name here and I now create a second person an assigned
person as a value here.
If my console log.
Second person and I run it will print the same value as the first person but it will not actually have
copied the person instead.
Person the object is stored in memory and the constant person we store a pointer to that place in memory.
And if we then assign person to second person that pointer will be copied.
We can see that this is the case if we change persons name after having it copied.
With that you would expect to print Max here still a person with name Max because we copied person stored
it in second person and there ofter changed the name.
However if I clear and run you will see name.
Man you here even though I'm printing the second person so for a second person the name also changed
the reason for it is that it just copied the pointer and points to the exact same object in memory as
person does.
So if we change name on person we automatically change it for a second person.
Now that's important.
Keep in mind and it's the same for erase.
If you copy it in quotation marks.
An array like this.
And you then change an array element.
It will all change in the so called copied array.
This will become important in react because it can lead to unexpected behaviors.
If you copy objects or arrays like this because you then may manipulate one object in one place and
app and accidentally manipulate another usage of the same object in the natural place of the app.
Therefore we will learn techniques to copy this in the immutable way which means we copy dead by really
copying the object and not just a pointer for dead we can use is spread operator.
Now we can simply create a new person object here and spread the person properties.
This will pull out the properties and the values of the properties from the object and added to this
newly created object here and we do create a new one with the Cauley braces.
Now if I had clear and run we still print an object with named Mex even though we changed the name to
manually here because now we really created a real copy.
This is a technique I will all to come back to later in this course.
It's just important to realize and to keep in mind that objects and arrays are reference types.
If you re assigned them you're copying the pointer not the value.
Are for if you want to do this in a real copy way you will have to create a new object and just copy
the properties and not the entire object.
That's something very important to keep in mind for discourse.